{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red26\green26\blue26;\red252\green39\blue18;
\red217\green11\blue5;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30181\c13393\c70360;\csgray\c13536;\cssrgb\c100000\c25271\c7591;
\cssrgb\c88946\c14202\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13000\viewh16840\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 &OOO-revival-howto\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 this is the older file / July \'9225
\fs36 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
to get info about details, boot #OOOdetail notes 1\
      ?? &.  #info1-OOO-sept-21\
and then #info2-OOO-sept-21\
\
then to run the piece,\
boot #cmd-OOO-revival.oct16.   .nov18\
\
go to Presentation Mode to avoid confu\'85\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \
mouse thru the stages, or use Dragonfly foot pedals to advance.\
\

\f1\i ope
\f0\i0 n to start \'85. audio On by hitting esc.\

\f1\i entry.  \'85 
\f0\i0 freerun triangles start, 2 events\
\
Stage1 \'97 sensors open, start playing pitches.\
    . the banks just get louder.    \
Stage2  \'97 banks move to new ON & OFF tngs as the timers rise and fall.\
\
Stage3 \'97 banks 1, 3, 4 & 6 respond to the overlapping state of those timers, \
\
in Stage4 any ON bank responds to state of the 5 other timers.\
\
ending \'97 3 chords sound, one after the other, slowly\
silence \'97 they all fade away.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 where are the timer states stored?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 #timers-on \cf0 in \cf5 OOO-6timers++\
\cf0 where are the trigger pitches? & the machinery for triggering?\
\cf5 inpitch-6-hits+high8v. \cf0 top right #cmd-screen\cf5 \
coll OOO\'9221_pitch_sets\
\
\cf0 where be the machinery to choose new sounds at lower-volu_DS ?\cf5 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 new-lower-volu, #cmd scrn left upper. sub-patch \'97 an odd one \'97 do\'92ve?\
inside \cf5 DSyns-stage1.oct3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 we\'92ve renamed it \cf5 p stage1-DSyns-encap\'92dNov17. \cf0 double-clicking on it, it opens up nicely.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
The free-running, dipping & undulating banks in the center of main scrn \'97\
\'91ow turn \'91em on \'97 hit on/off,both (upper radio button, left side)\
they should be easily faded in performance\
\'97where are their tuning changes set?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 notes June 29 \'9225\cf3  
\fs32 \'97\
redoing AnSyns-sources.6\'9225 & interior AnSyns-pitches-6\'9225\
& the fourth bank removed & added to Freerun standalone. Make a new folder for Freerun\
\
\

\fs38 \cf2 notes Nov 9 \'9223\cf3  
\fs32 \'97 make pause before lower-volu_AnS & DS variable.\
what is stillstarts?\
where is new-lower-volus ? \'97 main screen upper left. long, med, short umenu & suspend\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}