{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red59\green0\blue164;\red26\green26\blue26;\red217\green11\blue5;
\red164\green8\blue3;\red252\green39\blue18;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c30181\c13393\c70360;\csgray\c13536;\cssrgb\c88946\c14202\c0;
\cssrgb\c71055\c10387\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c25271\c7591;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14240\viewh12020\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 &OOO-revival\'9225-howto\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs38 \cf2 notes July 16 2025\cf3  
\fs32 \'97 
\fs36 \cf0 \
boot \cf4 #cmd-OOO-revival.July16\'9225\cf0 \
\
a bpatcher \'97 must go to inspectior & click on \'93embed \
the main Umenu upper left handles setup of the sections: receives from Stage#-indr, sends to Stage#\
 in AnSyns-stagemgr, DSyns-stagemgr, stage4-both-banks.july14 etc.\
 AnSyns-stagemgr handles things that are set to same val in both banks like\
  glides-L and R at startup, at \'93entry\'94. also the ceiling, floor, lower floor levels\
right side.\cf5 \
ohmygawd: script-controls.\cf0  \'97 hiding around the tiny r Stage# upper left of center.\
had forgotten this\'85 script send fiddle~on/off 0. study it. new in 2018 M8 tools:\
scripting-try-july\'9225.  has changeable argu\
\
\
\
there are 3 thispatchers. center under the 6 bangs. under\
\
\
AnSyns-stagemgr handles Stage1 AnSyns and Freeruns for Stage1 and \'85?\
DSybs-stagemgr handles Stage1 DSyns\
\
Freeruns\
\
should have standalone-freeruns\'85. could be used in another piece\'85\
there are only 4 trians in freerun-sources, with 10 tunings.\
they are split, sent into trians 13-14-15-16 in bank4a \
and 17-18-19-20 in bank4b(det.6)\
\
so we have 4 trians * 2, the right ones can detune.\
new patch freerun.July\'9225\
the glide goes to both banks.\
\'85 mebbe take the dip away from the individ trians, put it after they\'92re mixed.\
   & freerun should have modu, like the AnSyn & \
dsyn trians.\
modu but no lowered floors\
so alter Bank4a to Bank4a-m.  m = Modu\
& then \'91e\'92ll add at the mix output, some micro-slides & undula.\
careful! freerun-sourcesYES.maxpat in folder freerun\'85\
latest with  freerun.july17\'9225\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
these follow the 12 trians in AnSynsL, C, R.\
& see older versions, &OOO-revival-howto.rtf\
to get info about details, boot #OOOdetail notes 1\
      ?? &.  #info1-OOO-sept-21\
and then #info2-OOO-sept-21\
\
then to run the piece,\
  .nov18\
\
go to Presentation Mode to avoid confu\'85\

\fs32 \cf3 \
mouse thru the stages, or use Dragonfly foot pedals to advance.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf3 ope
\f0\i0 n to start \'85. audio On by hitting esc.\

\f1\i entry.  \'85 
\f0\i0 freerun triangles start, 2 events\
\
Stage1 \'97 sensors open, start playing pitches.\
    . the banks just get louder.    \
Stage2  \'97 banks move to new ON & OFF tngs as the timers rise and fall.\
\
Stage3 \'97 banks 1, 3, 4 & 6 respond to the overlapping state of those timers, \
\
in Stage4 any ON bank responds to state of the 5 other timers.\
\
ending \'97 3 chords sound, one after the other, slowly\
silence \'97 they all fade away.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 where are the timer states stored?\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf6 #timers-on \cf0 in \cf4 OOO-6timers++\
\cf0 where are the trigger pitches? & the machinery for triggering?\
\cf4 inpitch-6-hits+high8v. \cf0 top right #cmd-screen\cf4 \
coll OOO\'9221_pitch_sets\
\
\cf0 where be the machinery to choose new sounds at lower-volu_DS ?\cf4 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 new-lower-volu, #cmd scrn left upper. sub-patch \'97 an odd one \'97 do\'92ve?\
inside \cf4 DSyns-stage1.oct3 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 we\'92ve renamed it \cf4 p stage1-DSyns-encap\'92dNov17. \cf0 double-clicking on it, it opens up nicely.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \
The free-running, dipping & undulating banks in the center of main scrn \'97\
\'91ow turn \'91em on \'97 hit on/off,both (upper radio button, left side)\
they should be easily faded in performance\
\'97where are their tuning changes set?\

\fs38 \cf2 notes June 29 \'9225\cf3  
\fs32 \'97\
redoing AnSyns-sources.6\'9225 & interior AnSyns-pitches-6\'9225\
& the fourth bank removed & added to Freerun standalone. Make a new folder for Freerun\
\
\

\fs38 \cf2 notes Nov 9 \'9223\cf3  
\fs32 \'97 make pause before lower-volu_AnS & DS variable.\
what is stillstarts?\
where is new-lower-volus ? \'97 main screen upper left. long, med, short umenu & suspend\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}