{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10620\viewh12100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs26 \cf0 0-InterspSm-howto.rtf\
Berlin, Mar.25, 2012\
what about SimpleSynth? can't find any voices. download a new version?\
is it worth it to try out Sect 1 with Bill, or Bill & Okkyung?\
\'97downloaded SimpleSynth v. from website,\
London, Sept 30, 2011\
\
the boot file is now 
\b *IS-combo-11-09a
\b0     it's coded 
\i BLUE.
\i0 \
in folder Intersp-Sm-8-08-Part1\
\'97it has 2/4 ch output option + noise gens, esc to turn off.\
\
before today it was 
\b *IS-combo-10-08a
\i\b0 \
\

\i0 Stratford Circus Oct 1:\
make a new master for the new 
\b evolution-lite-IS-2011\
*IS-combo-11-10a
\i\b0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\i0\b \cf0  \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 adding ew audio-outs-IS-9-11. with 4-channel option and noise-testers.
\i \
\

\i0 Evolu faders: in Part 1, fdr 1 = timer for ONS of the 5 triggers.\
fdrs 2 & 3 = vol of the Inners (3 banks responding to inner triggers # 2,3,4\
button 8 runs lower "Wild" right side.\
\
when "auto-advance" is checked, after each filter ascent to top, section advances.\
\'97on/off vol ratio for the 3 inners is set by faders 2 & 3: 2 = L, Low, 3 = H, high.\
\
in sect#10, part 2, the harm. for the high ~f# doesn't sound quite right. 'member?\
U lost the original one which was right, & noticed that.... awhile back.\
\
\
Oct 3 .... after starting to perform this with Kosugi at Stratford Circus realized this rewrite below is unnecessary. instead u just labelled the perf. screen "bottom row right side"\
"middle row left"  (near the rotary faders).... not difficult to get familiar with where the controls are, and in some ways the arrangement on the old screen is better than the \
pictograph of the Evolution, the new way.\
\
so.... a lesson in not wasting time.\
\
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\
Oct 1, 2:40am, Citadines Barbican, idea to re-do graphics for all the faders.\
install the customary current graphic usually in lower left corner, Evolution-liteN, which is\
playable by mousing when the physical Evolution isn't available.\
it is Ev-adapter.1 which translates names of inputs from Evolution-in13.1, which\
gets info from the physical Evolution.\
\
DON'T DAMAGE THE CURRENT FILE !   ...a little complicated\
\
new 
\b evolution-lite-IS-2011
\b0 \
so now,\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 Ev-adapter.2
\b0  should receive from Ev-fdr1+, etc.\
   & from Ev-rot10+, Ev-rot11+  ditto 16 & 17\
   & from Ev-btn5+\
Wild-Ard1-IS should receive from Ev-rot19+\
Wild-in-IS should receive from Ev-rot18+\
the 2 "neither" Umenus L and R controlling pitch-sensing & wild should receive\
     from Ev-rot32+ & Ev-rot33+\

\b Ev-adapter.2 
\b0 should send to the piece: timer-adj, inners-low, inners-hi, etc.\
\
\
\
while we're at it, have individ. adjustment controls over the 3 inners in Part 1 ----\
but don't need to do this today as we're not playing that.\
 \
\'97rather than switch over which input triggers, have 2 continuous rots, mics 1 & 2 into fiddle.\
\
}